[Music]
hello I'm Jimmy and welcome to my house
I'm in mine you're in yours
it's timing and moving anymore I don't
know I feel like maybe it got stuck one
thing I think we can all agree on after
a month of this is there are too many
hours in the day we need to cut a few of
the who's idea was 24 anyway I propose
we changed the length of days for at
least a while anyway to 14 hours we
sleep for seven or awake for seven
that's enough it would get us through
this about 40 percent faster it's called
thinking outside of the box people this
is interesting Walmart you know that
store with the old people in the vests
out front Walmart reports that sales of
hair clippers and hair color have
skyrocket over the past two weeks
because we've now entered the panic
buying grooming products phase of that
apparently that's a thing there are
phases of emergency time shopping trends
week one we make a run on the hand
sanitizer soap and disinfectant sweet
two we buy up all the toilet paper weeks
three and weeks for the store sell out
of spiral hams and bakers east week five
we get into a shortage of haircare
products and next week I think we're
expected to run out of harpoons and pop
rocks so be sure to stock up on those by
the way do you really need to color your
hair right now who are you trying to
impress your cat today as you probably
know would have been tax day April 15
but we got a three-month extension I
wonder if we'll be able to write off
bathrobes as a business expense this
year but I love that we got a three
month extension the one year we finally
had time to sit down and actually do our
taxes on time basically the government
is hoping that by mid-july everyone will
have received their stimulus checks and
can turn around and send them right back
to the IRS some people have already
received their relief money via direct
deposit but those who are waiting for an
actual check are gonna have to wait
until next month because according to
the Washington Post the checks are
delayed because someone decided he
wanted to print Donald Trump's name
gee I wonder whose idea that was this is
the first time a president has ever had
his name printed on a government check
ever which is in total Ian's delaying
the delivery of relief checks so they
could put your name on them might be the
Trump 'ya sting Trump has ever done this
is the dumbest thing he's decided to put
his name on since Donald Jr and that's
saying a lot
the Treasury Department released an
image today of what the check will look
like when it does arrive and there it is
why on earth would he put his name on me
these are they're not from him it's not
his money he didn't even put his name on
the check he sent stormy Daniels these
dollars are tax dollars we paid as far
as I know he doesn't even pay taxes
certainly hasn't produced any evidence
of it he's like a drug lord
giving the villagers cash on Christmas
so they looked the other way the rest of
the year Trump will not be sending
checks to the World Health Organization
going forth he says he'll stop all
funding until a review has been
conducted stopping funding to an
organization that handles pandemics in
the middle of a pandemic is like
slashing your own tires because you're
mad you woke up late for work so far
he's blaming this on Obama the
governor's the media the w-h-o has he
blamed it on the Mexicans yet no okay
he'll get to that and now after
initially praising China and how
transparent they were he's back jabbing
a little baby carrot at them praising
China for being transparent but you also
praised China for being transparent I
don't talk about China's transparency
well you know if I'm so good to China
how come I was the only person the only
leader of a country that closed our
borders tightly against China and by the
way when I closed up order that was long
ahead of what anybody you can ask
anybody that was in the room 21 people I
was the one person that wanted to do it
Debra can tell you that better than
anybody I was the one person that wanted
to do it you know why because I don't
believe everything I hear me neither
I don't even believe there's a Debra and
by the way 45 countries closed their
borders before we
and we didn't even actually close our
borders to China 40,000 people came in
from China if he didn't catch
yesterday's episode of the celebrity of
President
it was another rough ride it went on for
about an hour but this should pretty
much sum it up I'm told that when they
put this guy here it's nothing but
trouble he's a showboat if you keep
talking I'll leave and you can have it
out with the rest of these people one
question if you keep talking I'm gonna
leave and you can have it out with them
just a loud mouth doctor profound she
said this morning that that critical
testing and tracing ability does not
currently exist look at this the way
this looks I don't even like the way it
looks Oh though I have a lot fewer
reporters that's okay with me
quiet quiet I'm unhappy prepare my
commode this is interesting
our president according to the failing
New York Times wanted to do a daily talk
radio show from the White House the show
would have been two hours a day with the
idea that he'd field questions from
callers kind of like a dumpster fireside
chat and the reason he decided not to go
through with it is he didn't want to
compete with Rush Limbaugh for real even
the president couldn't get through
quarantine without thinking about
launching a podcast maybe they should I
here's what I would do I would just tell
him he has a radio show just lock him in
a room with an unplugged microphone and
let him go I don't think he has enough
to do he even claims he's watching
baseball we have to get our sports back
I'm tired of watching baseball games at
a 14 years old but I haven't actually
had too much time to watch I would say
maybe I watched one batter and then I
get back to work or maybe I like me
admits he's been wasting time and then
immediately pulls it back dr. Anthony
found she in the meantime gave his
thoughts on how sports could potentially
come back and add to see I don't know if
he's been spending too much time with
Trump but this sounds crazy too
there's a way of doing that nobody comes
to the stadium put them in big hole
tells you know wherever you want to play
keep them very well surveilled namely a
surveillance but have them tested like
every week so we would lock the players
in the hotels and keep them under
surveillance and then test them every
that doesn't sound problematic at all
maybe we could keep the fast ones on a
leash regardless of when team Trump
wants to reopen it'll be up to the
states to make that decision New Yorkers
are now required to wear masks in public
here in LA Mayor Eric Garcetti told CNN
that we are very unlikely to see sports
or concerts again until 2021 California
governor Gavin Newsom said that when
business does get going in restaurants
would have fewer tables disposable menus
and they would check our temperature
before we can come in imagine that they
take your temperature while they're
getting your table ready I hope they
take it orally because that is not why I
go to the Cheesecake Factory but this
could be the way it is if they can't
come up with a vaccine
researchers at Harvard estimate we could
be doing this in some form until 2022
which that's not even social distancing
anymore that is full-on hibernating I
tell you what if this does go on another
two years I'm finally gonna sit down and
figure out what the hell tick tock is
that's my goal today senator Elizabeth
Warren induced endorsed if you didn't
induce she's not having a baby she
endorsed Joe Biden for president
yesterday Joe got an endorsement from
Obama Obama was reportedly instrumental
in convincing Bernie Sanders to drop out
the New York Times reports that senator
Sanders and President Obama had at least
four long conversations about this
although the first three were Obama
trying to walk Bernie through how to
work zoom but meanwhile here's what
Bernie is up to now oh I'm good Carly I
want you to take a look at my nails
they're looking very quarantine so
you've been on quarantine for well now
nails but you know what it's okay I'll
go Bernie
okay I'm poor Bernie that's the saddest
thing I've ever seen they're working
together on a new plan called manicure
for all that I think is gonna solve
everything